---
title: "Identification and Estimation of  Distributional Features of Marginal Effects with Heterogeneity of Unrestricted Form in Short Panels"
collection: research
permalink: /research/4_marginal_effects_general_heterogeneity
excerpt: ' ' 
---

 
*Abstract*:  This paper considers nonparametric identification and estimation of the moments and
the distribution of marginal effects in a class of panel data models with time-invariant
heterogeneity of unrestricted dimension. We assume that the continuous outcome is
generated by a structural function that depends on observed covariates, general time-invariant
heterogeneity, and an additive time-varying idiosyncratic disturbance. The
object of interest are the moments and the distribution of the derivative of the structural
function evaluated at a given value of the covariates. Using only two periods of data,
we identify the moments of interest in terms of conditional moments of the outcome
variable given covariates, despite lack of identification for the structural function. The
distribution of interest is then identified from its moments. We estimate the moments by
replacing the population moments of the outcome variable in the identifying expressions
with suitable nonparametric estimates. We estimate the distribution of marginal effects
with a penalized sieve estimator that fits a flexible mixture to a growing collection of
estimated moments. We establish consistency, convergence rates, and characterize the
asymptotic distribution of our moment estimators. For the distribution estimator, we
establish consistency by developing novel theoretical results connecting convergence of
moments and convergence of corresponding distributions.